National Geographic is a magazine known
for covering stories about exploration
human history science culture and
conservation in all their magazines they
always have sections about animals that
would make vegans upset I have a copy of
the latest issue it talks about the mink
fur trade the Cayman leather industry
and ostrich farming in Thailand after
reading the mink article instead of
abolishing fur farms for their cruel
practices all they say is there in favor
of more humane fur farming which only
means improving the mink slavery
experience but still killing them this
is pathetic you know what's really
annoying National Geographic you are
totally fine with the enslavement of
mink Cayman and ostriches yet you have
an ad in the same magazine issue about
preserving endangered species such as
elephants what the hell hypocrites you
only have elephants on that ad because
you're asking for money and you know
people are more likely to give you money
if they see a cute baby elephant instead
of mink
National Geographic as an animal
liberation activist after reading the
September 2016 issue it is insulting to
see how you tolerate the cruel mink fur
farming industry while asking for
donations from readers to protect
endangered species such as elephants
you're hypocrites for caring about
certain animals while ignoring the
well-being of others you should either
protect all animals or none at all it is
unacceptable on your part to call
yourselves a conservation magazine
without talking to detail about the
devastating effects of animal
agriculture on the planets finite
resources if you truly care about
protecting the environment it's time to
embrace the benefits of veganism you
said vegan save 600 gallons of water per
day so why not encourage people to go
vegan why have such an unenthusiastic
attitude about it it will save water it
will eliminate world hunger it will save
us in life it will reduce the risk of
heart disease and it will spare billions
of animals from murder am I to
understand that National Geographic is
ignoring this opportunity to save
precious water while there are droughts
on the west coast of the United States
caused by the meat and dairy industries
who consume the most water and might
understand that National Geographic is
ignoring the United Nations advocating a
vegan diet to fight climate change how
weak and selfish how immature I will
finish this letter with a warning
veganism is the future whether you like
it or not the public is beginning to
comprehend that commodified animals
deserve freedom since you cannot beat us
it would be a wise decision to join us I
found this article online from last
January that says a lot of vegans and
vegetarians are finding it too hard
eating veg so they eventually go back to
eating meat the article had a new word
to
courage people to keep trying reduce at
arianism instead of offering encouraging
and effective advice for how people can
go V and stay vegan they say don't be
Horrid yourself if you want to stake
once in a while this is weak it is not
the mindset to have if you want to
really fix climate change if people
working at National Geographic are not
interested in giving up meat how could
they ask other people to go vegan if
they're too selfish to do it themselves
message to National Geographic it is
time to stop ignoring the benefits of a
vegan lifestyle when organizations like
the United Nations encourages veganism
to prevent environmental destruction and
when the American College of Cardiology
recommends vegan diets to fight heart
disease it is time to take veganism more
seriously you will never be a true
conservation magazine until you treat
all animal life equally as long as you
care about elephants and rhinos but
write articles about animal exploitation
and tolerate them because they are
considered industries you will always be
hypocrites
ha ha ha